Prayer on the Occasion of the Reading Transmission for the Omniscient King of Dharma's Thirteen-Volume
Collected Writings
by Jamyang Khyentse Chökyi Lodrö

Namo guru vāgīśvara-mañjughoṣa-dhvajāya.
jamyang lamé jinlab trinpung lé
From the cloudbanks of blessings from the Mañjughoṣa Guru1
do ngak norbü druchar lhukpar jo
Falls the gentle rain of sūtra and mantra jewels
küngé tenpé gyaltsen tser köpa
To be placed atop the victory banner of Kunga’s teachings—2
palden lamé shyab la solwa deb
Glorious guru, at your feet I pray!

shyenpen jampé pal dang denpé chok
Supreme of those endowed with splendid altruism and loving kindness,
sherab sum gyi chö tsul nampar jé
You discern the ways of Dharma with threefold wisdom
yangdak ta gom chöpé khang zang du
In the fine mansion of authentic view, meditation and conduct—
ten ché shenyen chenpor solwa deb
Great spiritual friend, to you I pray!

dak sok tsultrim nampar dakpa dang
May I and others develop impeccable ethical discipline,
ngejung changchub sem nyi gyü la kyé
May renunciation and twofold bodhicitta awaken in our being,
rim nyi lam gyi dröpar tarchin né
May we perfectly traverse the paths of the two stages
chö kyi gyalpö gopang tobpar shok
And ultimately attain the level of a Dharma Sovereign!

Chökyi Lodrö offered this prayer at the request of the master's disciples on the occasion of
his granting the reading transmission for the Omniscient King of Dharma's thirteen-volume
collected writings3 at the dharma centre of Dragang. Siddhirastu!

| Translated by Adam Pearcey with the generous support of the Khyentse Foundation and Tertön
Sogyal Trust, 2019.

Source: 'Jam dbyangs chos kyi blo gros. "kun mkhyen chos kyi rgyal po'i gsung pod bcu gsum pa
ljags lung gnang skabs kyi gsol 'debs/" in ’Jam dbyangs chos kyi blo gros kyi gsung ’bum.
12 vols. Bir: Khyentse Labrang, 2012. W1KG12986 Vol. 3: 193
↑ The prayer incorporates the syllables of what appears to be Jamyang Gyaltsen's full name:
Jamyang Gyaltsen Jampa Palden Sherab. Note, however, that this version of his name is not
attested in any other source, including the two available biographies by Dezhung Rinpoche
and Gelek Puntsok.↑ i.e., the Sakya teachings, which derive from Sachen Kunga Nyingpo.↑ That
is, the collected writings of Gorampa Sonam Senge (1429–1489), which Jamyang Gyaltsen had
compiled.